Scheduled maintenance for the Vaxtron cluster 2025-11-10. (#1337)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/interfaces/README.md

* `mac` is not used because it the most unpredictable making it impossible to predict the name of interfaces
  for machines of the same generation of hardware when the config for the first machine is known.

> This functionality to generate predictable network interface names is the future and therefore the default,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using predictable network interface

This functionality to generate predictable network interface names is the future and therefore the default,
```

but for the time being it can be disabled by setting
```yaml
enable_predictable_network_interface_names: false
```
for a the complete stack in `group_vars/{{ stack_name }}/vars.yml`
or for specific machines in `static_inventory/{{ stack_name }}.yml`.

Switching `enable_predictable_network_interface_names` for an already running machine from `true` to `false` or vice versa,
will modify the `net.ifnames` kernel boot parameter in the GRUB bootloader config,

> followed by rebuilding the kernel images and rebooting the machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
followed by rebuilding the kernel grub bootloader and rebooting the machine.
```
